[sighs]
[MIYAMURA] I need to score
better outside of classic lit.
Won't be able to get
a doctor's note for the quiz.
[HORI] Too bad "quiz allergies"
aren't real.
-Kotatsu study party?
-Exams are almost here.
Looks cozy.
How's about I join you kiddos?
Go away.
Um. There actually
isn't room for you.
Just Sota, Miyamura, Mom,
and me. That's it.
[KYOSUKE]
Hey, now.
Are you treating me worse
by the day? I'm gonna cry.
[TELEVISION HOST 1]
I swear my wife
doesn't understand
this language sometimes.
[TELEVISION HOST 2]
Oh, yeah? Do tell.
[TELEVISION HOST 1]
So, we were having dinner a meal
she cooked to cheer me up
'cause I was feeling depressed.
-[snores]
-She sounds like a winner to me!
[TELEVISION HOST 1]
Yeah, but then she grabbed me
by the shoulder
and said, completely serious, "
A journey of a thousand miles
begins with fifty to a hundred"
[sighs]
Bathroom.
[thuds]
[groans]
Ow. What are you doing,
Miyamura? And what time is it?
[yells]
[MIYAMURA]
For the love of all things pure,
please lie back down!
-Leg, leg, leg, leg, leg, leg!
-Your leg?
Somebody's leg
is locking my knee
and I can't get up
because of it!
It isn't mine, so stop yelling.
Nature's calling.
And I would really like
to answer.
Answer where you are.
I am not wetting the carpet!
Oh, wow. I guess I dozed off.
What's it, like, ten?
[yells]
[KYOSUKE]
Keep it down, Kyoko.
[HORI] I would if you didn't
wrench my leg
with every move you make!
[KYOSUKE]
You're being ridiculous,
but what else is new?
Right, Miyamura?
Wait, what's wrong?
[MIYAMURA]
I need to take a leak.
Oh, but, I should wake
Sota first.
Might get sick if he sleeps here
all night.
Hey, little buddy.
[yells]
[KYOSUKE] You're twisting
my leg funny! And it hurts!
[HORI] Will you quit moving,
Kyosuke?
[screams]
[MIYAMURA]
We created a world
where we endlessly
wound each other.
Should we call for help,
or simply pray?
Calling for help would be
too embarrassing
since we're all tangled up like
a pose from some ecchi manga.
-Aren't we, Miyamura?
-It's about to break!
Kyosuke, why are you here?
Things were fine
'til your stupid self joined in!
Well, excuse me.
If I could get out,
I already would have!
I'm done. My body's paralyzed
by the need for a bathroom.
It's up to you guys now.
[HORI]
Don't you dare call it quits!
Let's assess the dilemma.
One of us must be sacrificed.
All right. I can try
and yank my way free.
[MIYAMURA]
Wait. Timeout.
Kyosuke's right leg is currently
trapped between my legs.
Hori's are also wrapped
pretty tightly around me.
Pulling will only cause
excruciating pain
before ultimately failing.
[HORI]
Valid points.
[KYOSUKE]
Then, what's the plan?
You two bite the bullet
while I tear my way outta here!
[HORI]
Hold it, buster!
Just what kind of idiotic idea
is that?
If someone needs the restroom
more than me,
speak now or forever
hold your pee!
I'm uncomfortable, too!
My skirt flipped,
but you don't
hear me whining, do ya?
What? How's that even an issue?
You're hidden!
-Don't go back to sleep!
-Oh, man.
Really wishing I hadn't drunk
all that tea about now.
Hey. wait. There.
If I do that, then.
[pops]
Holy stinking crap!
It's actually free!
It is? That's great!
I got one out, too!
Rise 'n' shine, sleeping ugly!
[groans]
[MIYAMURA]
Freedom is mine!
[pants]
[KYOSUKE] Whatcha think?
He make it in time?
[HORI] I think I'm just glad
the crisis has ended.
Just spitballing.
But instead of lying down
in three different directions,
let's try facing the same way.
Yeah, okay.
[snores]
I woke up well after dark
the last time I was here.
So, I'll head home around
seven today.
-Which gives us about an hour.
-Just enough time for a nap.
Don't even play.
[both chuckle]
[snores]
[KYOSUKE]
Hey, aren't you Sengoku's boy?
[sighs]
Remember me?
You used to come over
to our house
and play all the time
when you were little.
Kyo-chan's dad.
Yeah, I remember.
Dang! You sure grew up.
Well, you are Kyoko's age,
right? Puberty at work.
[chuckles]
[TAKERU] Listen, Kakeru.
The Horis are bad news.
Have been ever
since high school.
Hold your ground,
or they'll lead you by the nose,
and that's all she wrote!
Wait, that's all who wrote?
[TAKERU] I'm just telling you
they're trouble!
So. Kak, I mean, Takeru,
how's your old man been doing?
[SENGOKU]
My name's Kakeru!
And my dad's doing well,
thank you.
He's doing well, is he?
[SENGOKU] Something tells me
he wants to change that!
Pardon me, sir.
But, I was on my way home
from buying erasers.
Aww!
Stop by our place for a visit
while you're in the area!
Come warm yourself up
before you start trekking back
to your house.
[gasps]
[ticks]
[snores]
Uh. Hey, tall, dumb, and lazy.
You had to wait
until I'd just fallen asleep?
When'd Sengoku get here?
And how?
Duh. He walked.
Ran into him
around nine o'clock.
Brought him over, and then,
in the middle of our chat,
-we both got really sleepy.
-Miyamura.
It's midnight already.
[sighs]
Save it. Always save
before you go in dungeons.
-Huh?
-Mister President knows.
Forgetting to save's, like,
the worst ever.
Yeah, but, before that,
buy magic recovery items
-while you're in town.
-Yeah.
A surprise monster encounter,
ahh.
[both scream]
What? No!
How'd that golem get here?
-Was that directed at me?
-Calm down.
I'll make quick work of the
beast with a destruction spell!
-[HORI] How 'bout you calm down?
-Yay, we're saved!
-The heroes are here!
-[HORI] You stay out of this!
Wait. Is the prez here,
or am I dreaming?
[SENGOKU]
I was abducted nearby.
Kyosuke's doing.
[sighs] I haven't had
a bath or eaten dinner.
Just plopped down
and passed out.
[MIYAMURA]
I still gotta wash up, too.
[HORI]
We have a tub.
Go take your baths together,
for all I care.
Hori! There's kinda, sorta
something that he shouldn't see.
[SENGOKU] What?
Like a secret birthmark, or?
Oh, nothing!
I just remembered that
during our school trip,
you waited 'til late to use
the public baths!
I can't seem to recall.
You wouldn't get in the pool,
either.
But I could never understand
why.
Um. Well, you see, I'm all
skin and bone. [chuckles]
If you're categorized as "skin
and bone," I'm already dead.
Hey! Stop! That wasn't meant
to be any form of funny!
[doorbell rings]
[sighs]
Uh-oh.
[HORI] Looks like
we succumbed yet again.
This kotatsu is dangerous.
Wake up, Miyamur.
C'mon. Don't leave
your phone open.
Texts piling up.
[SHINDO] I guess I sent
those last texts to Miyamura
on accident.
Ahh, so that's why Chika
hasn't shown.
[HORI] "Where are you? I know
it's been cold lately and all,
but I'd like to apologize for
what happened the other day.
Can you come to the park
near school?
I'll be waiting at
our usual spot."
"You can say whatever
you like and I promise,
I'll still love you, even though
I don't say it much.
I know you'll understand."
"I'll still love you?"
Wake up! I want an explanation!
[yawns]
Shindo, your voice is
annoying as ever.
[groans]
[MIYAMURA]
Huh?
Feels like someone smashed
their fist into my forehead
with every ounce of strength
they had.
Nah. Must've imagined it.
Hori? You asleep?
Oh. Just faking?
Well, you might wanna stop.
-It's eight o'clock.
-I'm aware of that.
You're angry, aren't you?
But why?
The world may never know.
-[HORI] I'm not angry.
-[MIYAMURA] Really?
[HORI]
Don't make me repeat myself!
Hey, looky here.
We've got some mandarins,
your favorite.
I'll peel one for you.
[MIYAMURA] Wow.
That actually got her up?
-Don't laugh.
-Oh, that's right!
I made myself a promise that
I would only eat two a day!
So, you hate 'em now?
What gives?
[HORI] I don't like
mandarin-flavored things.
Same with yuzu, citron,
and grapefruit.
All the citrus!
I can't even bear to look at it!
Hori.
But it's peeled and ready to go.
-Come on.
-Get it away!
One slice. What's the harm?
Eat it.
I'm gonna kiss you
if you don't eat it.
I'll also kiss you if you do.
Good. The storm has passed.
You're not mad anymore.
[HORI] So, that's what
he was trying to do.
There was a text that said...
[HORI] He keeps feeding me
things like this.
Is it out of habit?
Want some candy?
-Here.
-No!
I will not stand for that.
It's like clockwork, I swear.
[SENGOKU] That's from
our grade school camping trip.
I didn't expect to
find pictures like this here
at your place, dude.
Well, we kinda grew up together
and all.
[ISHIKAWA]
You haven't changed a bit.
Except for like, your height.
Oh? You think so?
In that album.
It has pictures we haven't seen?
-Give it here.
-Oh, um!
It's nothing worth seeing!
Pretty boring, really.
What's in there?
Did you see anything good?
Why don't we play some games,
Miyamura?
We've still got
an old Super Nintendo!
Put the album down and let's go!
[laughs]
[MIYAMURA] Twelve-year-old
Sengoku screwed up
cutting his hair.
I have gotta see that kind of
gold with my own eyes!
Do you guys want me to die
from embarrassment?
Man, this is too funny.
Resistance is futile, prezzy!
[SENGOKU]
Heartless jerks!
-[BOTH] You lolicon.
-No! I am not, I swear!
So if three's as low as you go,
what's the max age
before your interest
goes out the window?
[MIYAMURA] I don't go
lower than high school,
so let's drop this joke.
Kyo-chan still changes clothes
in front of other people
to this day.
I'm pretty sure zero high school
girls change clothes
with an audience.
That includes Hori.
Oh. But she did it fairly
recently, and I was there.
I have gym first period today!
I'm borrowing this room
for, like, five minutes, okay?
Sure, whatever.
I don't have time to go
to the locker room.
Kyo-chan. You're not
self-conscious at all, are you?
-Even though I haven't moved.
-And?
If I'm being honest,
I could still use the toilet
or take a bath with you
in the same room.
So, what?
She thinks so little of him,
he might as well be a fly
on the wall.
I found her rationale
very strange,
so I asked if she would strip
in front of Miyamura, too.
And she said.
No. Never in a million years.
-Rather aggressively.
-Oh, I see.
Sorry, I guess.
I suppose we did take baths
together all the time
-when we were little kids.
-Well, as kids, sure.
Wait. At what age did
we stop that? Um. Uh.
I feel like it dragged on for
an inappropriately long time.
I'm scared to remember.
-Kindergarten or so?
-Yeah! That sounds right.
Maybe first grade,
but not past that.
-I can't say it!
-[both laugh]
-Makes sense.
-Yeah.
[HORI]
They're in stock!
Sota said he really likes these,
so I wanna give 'em a try!
-Oh.
-I'll go and check out.
[hits]
Gosh, I am so sorry. Thank you.
-Aren't you Koyanagi?
-No, sir. You're mistaken.
-[HORI] Sengoku?
-[TAKERU] Wait.
Would you happen to be
Hori's daughter?
Yeah! And you must be
Sengoku's father!
Kakeru is always helping.
He's just such a good boy.
Kind of you to say.
So, you're
the president's father?
It's nice to meet you,
I'm Miyamura.
Your son and I have become
really great friends.
What a difference!
You mustn't be corrupted
by the Hori family, okay?
You know,
I'm standing within earshot.
[munches]
[MIYAMURA] His dad seems nice.
Think I'm a fan.
[HORI]
Kakeru's like his clone!
[MIYAMURA] We were looking at
the future president in a way.
But why did he call you,
Koyanagi?
Oh. That's my mom's maiden name.
My parents went to the same
high school as Sengoku's dad,
so they've known each other
for, like, ever.
[MIYAMURA] I wonder
what they were like back then.
Hey. How would you describe
your parents, huh?
My folks? Normal?
Well, I guess that's one more
thing we have in common, then.
How could you drop it
when you had half left, dummy?
[cawing]
[bell rings]
You guys, uh.
Are men of very few words, huh?
[TAKERU] It's not that
we're staying quiet.
The conversation
just keeps dying.
Help me explain how terrible
he is at this, Kakeru.
[KYOSUKE]
I'm not terrible at anything.
I was simply reminiscing
about the good ol' days.
-Ain't that right, red?
-Uh. Sure.
[TAKERU] You can be honest.
In fact, you should be honest.
[KYOSUKE] There you go,
brushing off someone's opinion
-'cause you don't like it.
-[SENGOKU] I hate it here.
[HORI]
Gosh, is it cold outside!
[MIYAMURA] Whoa. Now
there's a face I didn't expect!
-Welcome back.
-His dad's here, too?
Ah, the pleasant one.
Hurry in and warm up.
[groans]
Hey! Why did you two
decide to flank me?
You realize there's more room
on the other sides.
It's cold over by the window,
so deal.
Now can you please explain why
you and your dad are even here?
[SENGOKU] Your father ran into
mine coming home from work.
I happened to be there, too,
and he abducted us both.
Does getting kidnapped run
in your family, or what?
You're thin enough that
I can feel a draft blowing
right through you, prez.
-[chuckles]
-I apologize.
You live here, too?
Seems like it.
You waltzed in so casually,
one could only assume you do.
[MIYAMURA]
Well, kind of.
Believe it or not,
he's dating Kyoko.
-They're such a cute couple.
-Ahh.
Well, Kakeru has no time
for dating
or silly school drama.
-What?
-Not that it's wrong,
mind you, my son just
doesn't need a love interest.
It would interfere
with his studies.
[all gasp]
So is he joking with us?
Or have you been lying?
I wouldn't call it
outright lying.
I just haven't gotten around
to telling him the truth.
I thought I'd force
an opportunity
by inviting Remi
over on Christmas, but.
[AYASAKI]
I want it to be in my room!
[SENGOKU] I wound up
going to her place instead.
And I was surrounded by insects.
Yikes.
Though I've kept quiet till now,
I do intend to tell him.
[sighs]
[glares]
Are you cold, President?
The way you're shaking
is concerning.
-Don't you say a word.
-Oh?
-And what word would that be?
-What's up?
Playing a word game?
[scoffs]
Jeez, Sengoku.
Just get it off your chest
and tell him you've been dating
for a while.
[SENGOKU]
Will it be the loose cannon?
How's Ayasaki been?
You see her today at school?
Oh! I forgot!
Or the oblivious time bomb?
[SENGOKU] The time bomb
is the real danger here.
-That's you!
-[MIYAMURA] But I'm human!
He's a freakin' teenager.
Falling in love is kinda
what they do.
Isn't it a little excessive
to say he can't date at all?
[SENGOKU] This could work!
A peaceful resolution!
Mind your own business.
Our family affairs have nothing
to do with you.
Why latch onto those outdated
beliefs, grandpa?
-It ain't hip, yo.
-We're parents, not hippies.
And did you actually bring me
here on my personal time
to lecture me when I'm older
and smarter than you are?
You forget who bought you bread
that time you left your lunch!
You mean the bread
that cost eighty yen?
You tricked me and said it
cost a hundred!
I want my twenty yen!
[MIYAMURA] They completely
veered off topic.
It's almost as if.
[HORI] This isn't an
adult conversation.
[Both] It's a high school fight.
Don't make me tell 'em, dude.
Remember when you walked
through what seemed to be
a normal puddle and got soaked
up to your knees my friend?
-You want the kids to know?
-[TAKERU] You just told them!
Though remind me,
which moron arrived at school
after all our exams were over?
[KYOSUKE]
That only happened
because someone stole
the front wheel of my bike!
You should've left the bike
and walked!
Good grief. It's like
a bad dream, but it's real.
Oh, really? This is par
for the course for us.
Wow, I can tell
how close you guys are.
Lifelong pals.
Sengoku and I
are the bestest friends!
Ha! Bestest friends my ass!
I won't ever forget what you did
to me on graduation day!
Right as I was giving my speech
as student council president.
-[sneezes]
-[laughs]
[TAKERU] I know that sneeze
was planned!
Don't deny it!
I didn't sneeze.
It was the student body rep.
[TAKERU]
Our school had no such rep!
Let's circle back to talking
about Sengoku's love life.
-That was fun.
-Oh, boy!
I sure wish you'd keep telling
stories from the good ol' days!
[TAKERU]
Don't laugh off my humiliation!
[MIYAMURA]
It seems, even years later.
The Sengokus are still
at the mercy of the Horis.
[chuckles]
[sobs]
[TAKERU]
But seriously,
a girlfriend isn't a temptation
you need right now.
Especially if she's anything
like Hori's daughter.
[SENGOKU]
It got harder to tell him!
[MIYAMURA]
Imports are like in-ports,
'cause they come into Japan.
[sighs]
Hope I can score at least
a forty.
But that might be pushing it.
I dunno.
Did you do
your math homework yet?
[MIYAMURA]
Nope. I'm dropping it.
I recall you dropping it
at the start of the term, too.
Try picking math
back up sometimes.
[MIYAMURA] Careful, Hori.
Your nails will turn orange.
I'm not eating that many.
I told you so.
[sighs]
Here.
Sharing it won't do anything to
save your fingernails, but okay.
I never thought it would.
[HORI]
Oh, my gosh.
It's like feeding an animal!
One more!
I cleaned all the orange off
for you.
[HORI] Not what I would
call "clean."
[MIYAMURA] Hori. I'm dropping
everything but classic lit.
[HORI]
Uhh, no.